once again your boy on here to talk
about
flat so we're going to implement that I
hope this just takes me 30 minutes and
we can get on with it so we can see here
I have this
little that's not what I want have this
little thing here where if we type plus
of X and we have a nested
plus uh it doesn't flatten out we would
like to make the transformation that
plus x + y
z goes
to plus
XYZ
so let's do
that
okay so we do
this do this say that and we
go here I don't know why it
stopped um doing
this like what is going on that
that okay if it contains spat
what do we want to
do uh then we want to say
um these are the
elements if
uh head e equal
to
um I think that's
correct then
um
I think we can do
this
um
wait
ease I don't think we want ease I think
we
want I think we want knes
bro
see
what you want to splice it
in can we do
this wait what am I
doing
okay I just want to be done with this
let's
see so we do that [__] and what we want
to say is just splice
right T give me an example
bro
um oh yeah guys started working on a c
compiler pretty
cool using
clang
okay
that's nice I like
that we say knees.
spice is that going to work
though
hold
on
I think this
works that's still a slice so we want to
say into
elements I think we want to
clone
no e move
bro where did it
move
bro why am I down this SP oh yeah it's
just something
else um wait
what
H I feel like gp2 would be good at
this
what
do all right let's do
it that looks
good
[Music]
H hey let's try it I feel like that
might be
it
oh wait
what what did I just
do wait first off
we try
that that shouldn't change it
right no I want to print the
expert
do it
again and bro where you
at
what
wait hold
on I think it's oh I think I know I'm
just being an
idiot here we
go
here no
dude
this is the only time I need to do it
all right let's try
that
okay I want to run
test well I we really these tests are
like weak AF
but
bro do it
again
why I don't like that
syntax
[Music]
for
H uh oh
wait
okay I don't I don't give a [__] I don't
think that does it
though do I need to call two
back I mean I
guess we'll see what
happens
okay fine so e is what e is a point as a
yeah so if I do
clone I do
elements what do I get what is the type
of this thing I think we want into
elements and then this one right
okay then I think we're
fine
cool
that was
easy if H is listable then thread H over
any of the part I that are
lists like literally lists I guess that
makes
sense bro
what wait what does this do
here yo this cuz these are length
two that's really strange
and then this is going to require us to
Define an order on
expressions
I'm wondering if I should open an issue
because what we want is we
want
or all
right
and then we'll do it
again
for
okay
uh so we could imple
that oh yeah I try to mess around with
uh some stuff
that
the state of react guys big deal the
state of
react guys guys guys guys guys the
state of react that's all I have to say
about
that
um I don't do that
one don't do that one all right so we
have flat so that's
cool
um that's kind of all I wanted to do I
guess we should try to do this order
list thing that would be cool but how
does order list
work I looked it up let's
see
oh
order exor is
flat join is
flat let's delete
this I could easily see how we could
overwrite some stuff all
right
join is list let's see what else is
it one identity
we're going to skip that I actually kind
of even want
to remove that until
we I don't know for completeness that
seems like it's fine but then we have to
add all this other [__] I don't know see
what do we have
here exor do we have exor we do and or
or
okay so or is and and is too and is flat
and or is
flat or is flat and is flat xor is
flat xor is also
orderless but and evidently is not
orderless
interesting that's cool
all right so should we try to do this
orderless
thing let's look it
up because what does orderless give us
order list gives us something where we
can rely a lot
on the structure of the
expression when we go to do internal
things
oh
shoot wow that's an interesting
note must be assigned before defining
any values for an orderless
function I think that's not a
problem
order list is clearly going to be more
involved if we have to do this thing
where we
generate like what the
hell what's an example of
that functions with the orderless
attributes the canonical order
describing the notes for sword all right
so that's what we have to
read
that's wild the Petra reorders arguments
of but doesn't this
like no no no but this evales X plus 2
or not no so then this
one
oh maybe I just won't do
that because that seems
really oh
yeah that seems really
annoying but that is useful huh
[__] that is pretty sweet to have
that why is it for like d
probably for like derivative
taking cuz let's see what are
the it's not
orderless no but that's doesn't matter
that doesn't matter
because but what does that mean that
means that when we pass to
match we need
to either we evaluate in match or we
pass it the attributes of no but then
when you recurse you'll need to like run
time okay so that's a pretty interesting
complication to think
about
for
oh okay all right here we go here we go
buddy we're not doing complex number
support I don't really give us
stuff store by default orders integers
rationals approximate real numbers by
their numerical
values I wonder why they make all these
decisions you
know um rust
string does it say
what but how do I find in this thing if
it derives
for like why don't they just tell me
[__] does
string have
or
rust can we just can we just test it how
do we what uh
okay how to test if a struct has
or
oh yeah that's
[Music]
nice
okay so was was I going to do I was just
going to do a greater than
B all right so it seems like string has
or all right let's go
back usually I hate how like slimy that
sounds
man yeah we usually do it but only on
weekends sort usually orders Expressions
by putting shorter ones first and then
comparing Parts in depth first
manner like when there's this many
conditions on things I feel like you
need to just provide the method like you
just need to show it in Pudo
C
for
bro what's the point of
that where's the theme for the
whole thing bro this thing is so
bright it's only for that that's so
stupid
wait did it print it
though oh it did print
it okay that's
correct see that is what I was worried
about because this is the one that is
actually
important sort treats powers and
products
especially let me try
that
animals wait hold
on isn't there just a default
sort isn't there just a
sort oh wow that's [__]
[Music]
annoying why doesn't that do what
I
oh
see I don't know why that's really
annoying so then I got to go like
this I don't know there's definitely a
better way to do this I just want to see
if there's a normal
sorting
[Music]
hello all right come
on there we
go
I'm
curious okay this is the way that it was
let's
check we're over here catfish catfish
cat wait
cat
oh why is that
wait wait let's check if this is the
same yeah it say the same
okay so okay so Russ get save that
oh but I
want uh oh great you can't
[__] watch it be disgusting
too wait
no Cas insensitive I don't think so
so
I guess it's not that
crazy it's a lot of code though order
list is going to be a pain in the
ass
but for anything with
polinomial pretty pretty nice to
have all right let's just let's just add
sequence splicing and step whatever it's
called and
ignore ignore
that
okay
uh so let's go up to
step we can com that out now there's a
bunch of other [__] that comment
out what was
it
okay I think that was
it uh okay so step
back
so this is basically the exact same code
so let's just try this
again but instead of that it's
uh
uh what was I doing
sequence
instead of that all we have to do
is
that I think that's literally all we had
to do so maybe we could reactive that so
that it's less stupid let's
try
[Music]
wait
F
sequence
a
nice uh set attributes F list sequence
hold
baa F wait hold
on
cool we got that se and Geeks bruh
should we try listable listable seems
dumb as hell
too this just seems too smart for own
good to be quite
Frank so that literally just calls
thread hold on how do you do it thread
takes a level spec I bet oh no
thread over any lists that
appear
see that's neat right like I was
wondering about that in the examples but
then this works
fine and we have why do we have three of
them a
d
e b
DF C DG huh okay yeah that makes sense
let's see there's probably a ton of
options or some
[__] so wait can I just do all I just
say
all or wait
minus minus minus
one good
examples it's kind of cool
but at what
cost
um let's just see what it comes up I'm
just
curious this
code uh both these
transform are super
similar there a way to
generalize
[Music]
okay so let's see what happens here we
do this and this is supposed to
be
uh
uh uh
exper this is expert symbol is still an
exper this is also an
expert and this is an expert nice we did
it guys that's super cool so then we
should be able to just do what it
said way what's up bro it's been a
minute who is that twitch con
hyp Global emote let's see
twitch H sticker is that what you call
it
what is
that I don't know what the hell that
means can I I go to Twitch will it still
be up I think it won't right mute you
got to mute
quickly yo oh wait it
does
who is
that oh
great I'm
curious how do I get more information
about this
thing if I just look up twitch
con oh
nice who is that
though how famous is this
person 200 damn
bro I don't know anybody of these
people
okay what we out here
doing
um I feel like they should be decently
fast so what are we doing we're going
back to this here and then we go to the
call and I want to rename it to to
splice or
something splice elements it's not the
worst okay then we want to do this
comment this out and we want to put them
evaluation Loop should read
like you
know and then what do I have to clone
it let's
clone oh wait let's let's try the uh rff
like
that
uh
[Music]
whatever
all right let's see if it still
works how do I get rid of it now we
go all right oh [__] that's not good
that means that we messed something
up why did it do
that spce
elements huh
wait no but the other one is a knot
right
yeah I think that's just wrong it didn't
see the
knot
uh I don't know it just seems like why I
just have the duplicate code you
know back to what we
have I mean this is pretty good
stuff it's just so
similar maybe we could just have this
part of
it
let's see so what would that
be be uh hold let me turn on the
light I really want to order
chip
[Music]
uh you know what I don't really care
enough to
bother
all right what about sub value should we
do this be kind of
cool I think it's literally the
same here we get the down values I think
it's the
same Cod it's exactly the same
except we need to look up the tag and we
have the tag
right so we do this except here we go to
sub and I just want to check first
off uh can
we okay um I just want to check so
everything should be working
now but I want
to test so if we have something
like okay replace all
faab then we want to
list
um A to
B oh god oh wait no that's
fine except um
yeah I don't like asserts I think we
should just do this if R is not equal to
this or not equal to this wait no
no and not equal to
this rent
line uh must be
a uh
return
exper okay let me try that
again I think it still crashes right
because
of
oh oh wait we should just return failed
wait let's see what they do we do uh
replace
all f a
b a goes to wait no no no a that's what
it
is it returns expert so that's what it
does wait it return
turns where's that coming
from oh I don't like that can we just
give it the whole whole expert
yeah I feel like we need to change that
okay
so expert rules where you deconstruct
the okay fine so what is what is the
whole thing it takes
X
okay uh but that seems really
annoying
fine so we're going to comment this
out we're going to just say you got x
sub
exper is it exper or whatever I don't
know so we have this thing put it in
parentheses semicolon oh wait hold on
but now we have to do
a if let expert please
complete
um and we say else
um uh
return exper no I don't give a [__] we
should print something out print come on
print something
useful okay I don't
know it should just never happen all
right so now we have
let let what is what did I say
exper exp per rules equal to this and
then we want to just move all of
this
into here and then we have to
actually
um move this right
there okay that's
cool uh uh come on okay wait can we just
pass I think we might be able to just
pass
LH
rules I think we might be able to just
pass exper normal LH rules uh rules is a
v rules is not a
v
[Music]
yeah that's [__] annoying man wait
rules
list let me do
that clone
it
then what is this this is
uh
right oh that's not gonna I'm bailing I
don't like this at
all I mean yeah it's correct but I don't
give a
[__] um we should just do
this
and then what do we have in
here uh it's going to be uh how do we
chain these things again we
want V of exper
dochain
conat does that give me the
slice concat rules
list does that work
out
what but
um
is that oh wait hold
on that that's so
annoying okay I wish it returned itself
what's
wrong can I just clone
it right well now I just do
this please come
on
uh
expected what is what is good with that
can I just do this it should all just
work out right
okay okay let's try
that of course it didn't
work and place called the into
it considering of a
slice dude I don't know give me a quick
fix because I really don't care that's I
guess my
point oh is that what I
do okay that's fine all right let's see
what
happens does it actually return itself
great oh of
course of course this should always
bring
up warning
signs I I never know what this
[__]
R
red
okay
what okay fine I'm just going to
say
um
uh no this is
not
what
does I just want to get rid of these
panics
and in replace instead of this
assertion I want to do that okay cool so
now what were we actually trying to do I
don't even
remember I was trying to
test I don't even remember what I was
trying to test it's
know
um
I do not
remember
okay what the hell was I going to
do I don't
remember that's
stupid
oh oh I know what we're trying to
do we're doing sub
values all wait let's just try it I
don't know why I'm being such a dumbass
dude all right wait make this SVS and I
want to print them looking for oops
looking for love in
the I change this for sub values
and then we want to do uh some crazy
[__]
like uh oh but set on sub Valu so now we
want to go to set or function
set and we need to uh where's our subv
value
case
okay
okay so wait so this should Panic right
so if I do set k
a b to high this should Panic
right
cool it's almost like our language kind
of works
guys all
right so we have the tag
right we have the tag so we want to
insert
this
thing right so okay so wait let's just
do this right k k of x
blank y blank is defined as
X then we do down
sub values
of and it's the same thing so we can
copy all this good table entry blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah you know
sometimes it be like that be
like we'll probably have to do that same
thing but here we want to what is new
heads wait we want oh wait hold on this
is actually kind of nice
oh yeah I wanted a calculator thanks
guys hold on really
quick
nice all right we'll call it
NHS NHS for what what does that even
mean oh yeah we need
uh
print
line something weird is
[Music]
happening
Panic okay this needs to be the sub
value right so what are we going to do
context of VSA
entry oh we need to look for the T
this is the
tag then here what do we have what do we
have here can we print can we print this
out NHS what is that I have no
idea so what where are we we're so deep
so we have okay so we have set
k a
b right hand side right hand side okay
so
if this Tak an expert if it's normal
otherwise we're already lost then we
take our left hand side and our right
hand side if
we we find a
tag then we match on the left hand side
if the left hand side is a symbol then
it's setting just like X to something if
it's normal then we go in deeper and we
say okay we found this thing and now we
want to
match again and if it's a
symbol
start oh this is a good
idea
um cool that makes sense if we have a
normal
NH nhn these names are so stupid it's
crazy all right but let's print it out
just so that we can get a
taste
wait but we need to insert
the we need to
insert the leftand side so I think
that's actually
correct I'm going do
SV then
what am I doing
here oh I'm
rebuilding let's copy
this right so we get the table entry we
build the sub
value and then what we want to do first
we need to change this to
SV I feel like that might be
it sub and this needs to be sub as well
oh let's make this
s oh these D's
bro
wait
oh oh that's okay I think that's
okay should we try
it I don't have any way of
querying what we have so let's just try
to evaluate
it
no that didn't
work looking for user to find sub values
for
that looking
wait entry wait wait wait stop
bro let
t
equal and we need we could do that new
head that tag I'm fine with
that and then we want to look in here
for the
tag suck on that
[__] sorry guys whoa getting a little
Rowdy on this one hold
on oh wait did we just call that
into all right let's try
that
so first we set the
rule
nice so we implemented sequence flat and
subv value support and sub value support
is the coolest one because we can now
finally in
here there's a much better way to write
the
combinators so now we we should I should
just be able to do uh well that's first
oh do I have clear I need to add clear
clear is such a useful one to have but
what what we can do is
set
a
pattern
pattern x
blank pattern y
blank equal to X so now if we do
K1 2 we get one that's cool where's this
before after
nonsense all right all
right okay cool so black sequence
hold and sub
[Music]
values that's pretty
sweet
[Music]
I'm I'm most happy about flat well no
sub value is a pretty big deal so wait
so now we should be able to do
uh uh this is crazy so
in
systems we should be able to write
um
we should be able to
write
set what is it it's like three of them
it's going to be S of pattern x
blank pattern y
blank pattern
Z and that completes it and then we give
it then it's supposed to be
what what is it it's like X of z y of Z
I
think I mean I had it right there
but where was
it I thought I had it
somewhere X of z y of Z so what is that
in my syntax
that's um X of z y of
Z so now let's
do hold on that doesn't look
right oh no I think that's right
actually
um
yeah that's right so now we want to do s
of
a
b see we want to get ASC BSC okay
cool
cool oh wait we need to move this
up SK rules in sub value
definition let's
see move this up
here which I think is much cleaner
because then you have to I mean scoping
wise like this doesn't pollute a name
space because it just stores it
there actually there was that old bug
that I had I I should go back
to
hold
on oh wait we probably have
to we can't do
that
well
uh oh
shoot
hey what's up what's going
on oh
really
cool oh nice I didn't realize yeah that
was smart of you you planned it for the
I mean Wednesday's a good day in general
but you know
that's yeah yeah
yeah yeah let's see that what is that
what is that Ramen place called
muku oh still close
yeah it's really [__]
cold really did you wash
them or did your mom watch
them
hello oh okay yeah I just added some
cool stuff to uh
it's my
program how long have I been
going all wait when are you getting
here okay I'll see you then all right
I'll be
back
sure
love all right we need clear guys we
need clear
support need clear and clear all what is
the difference between clear and clear
all someone tell me someone tell me bro
oh my
god
oh
[Laughter]
oh oh
whoa whoa what the
[__]
oh [__] that's kind of
cool clear does not clear attributes
defaults options or M all right so let's
just Implement clear real quick how do
we have clear here
seems
good don't I have a function that does
that
yeah
okay so what we're going to do
here oh wait
wait oh wait we need to do
this to but first let's just
doar all of these should just take the
original I don't know what I was
thinking with giving replace special
things I guess it's just because it's
such an old ass function what we want to
do is if let X come on you can do this
one
guys it shows up literally all over my
code do the
thing
uh what the
hey should just never
happen then we want to say for uh oh
wait we want to let h e come on this one
you can get
nice for e and
e
match
e I'm going to move
this
here what's going
on
wait we want
[Music]
to wait this is
fine set takes a
symbol C ing
something okay but at the end of the
four Loop we want to return
n oh yeah it's
here and then we want to do match the
kind then here we want to do xer kind
symbol then context we need the context
for this one for sure so this is a
mute can we just please
Bey on some real
[__] uh if let some why do we need to do
that we want to
say t te uh dot wait no yeah te is equal
to
table what's
wrong
what I knew this was going to keep
complaining cannot mutate oh wait hold
on there a quick
fix
let's
see does this do what I
want and
overwrite the
will not overwrite
it sounds good sounds
good oh we could just do
this
and for some reason my computer
is son of a gun we should just be able
to do
this what's going on
here oh oh hold
on
all right so we're going to do is set F
to one F clear f f oh that didn't work I
wanted it
to
oh wait you know what it
is I'm an
idiot so we do this we
go oh wait map oh Map works what am I
talking
about
what is it called
clear and this needs to
Bear all right cool so we should be
good
nice uh let's
say
oh no yeah we're should we're good
um
cool does what we wanted it
to okay what did we change just clear
right fcking light
work all right so uh now I wanted to
test
something oh yeah I wanted to test that
issue where is
it
damn I don't know
why
something is seriously
[Music]
wrong all right so that bug is
still
whatever oh [__] let's just click this
button let's see add SK rules and clear
function yeah not bad it's exactly right
yeah love the magic commit message
button that's cool that's cool it just
looks at the diff and says all right
generate a succinct
message I love that that's so useful
man all right that's it that's it for me
for right
now that's
it